Update the description of PodTopologySpread matchLabelKeys implementation change since v1.34 (#51119)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/topology-spread-constraints.md

  See [Label Selectors](/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#label-selectors)
  for more details.

- **matchLabelKeys** is a list of pod label keys to select the group of pods over which 
  the spreading skew will be calculated. At a pod creation, 
  the kube-apiserver uses those keys to lookup values from the incoming pod labels,
  and those key-value labels will be merged with any existing `labelSelector`.
  The same key is forbidden to exist in both `matchLabelKeys` and `labelSelector`. 
  `matchLabelKeys` cannot be set when `labelSelector` isn't set. 
  Keys that don't exist in the pod labels will be ignored. 
  A null or empty list means only match against the `labelSelector`.

  {{< caution >}}
  It's not recommended to use `matchLabelKeys` with labels that might be updated directly on pods.

>   Even if you edit the pod's label that is specified at `matchLabelKeys` **directly**, (that is, not via a deployment),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Even if you edit the pod's label that is specified at `matchLabelKeys` **directly**,
  (that is, you edit the Pod and not a Deployment),
```

  {{< note >}}
  The `matchLabelKeys` field is a beta-level field and enabled by default in 1.27. You can disable it by disabling the
  `MatchLabelKeysInPodTopologySpread` [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/).

>   Before v1.34, kube-scheduler just internally handled `matchLabelKeys` before the calculation of scheduling results.

Reviewer 2: yup

  The `matchLabelKeys` field is a beta-level field and enabled by default in 1.27. You can disable it by disabling the
  `MatchLabelKeysInPodTopologySpread` [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/).

>   Before v1.34, kube-scheduler just internally handled `matchLabelKeys` and calculated scheduling results.

Reviewer 3: Why this change?

Author: @tengqm 
It's to align with PodAffinity's `matchLabelKeys` and described in [KEP-3243](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/blob/master/keps/sig-scheduling/3243-respect-pod-topology-spread-after-rolling-upgrades/README.md#v134-design-change-and-a-safe-upgrade-path).
However should we describe it here too?

Author: In terms of the function of matchLabelKeys, which is a list of pod label keys that pod spreading is calculated based on, the strength of constraints hasn't changed between v1.33 and v1.34.

In the case of `PodAffinity`'s `matchLabelKeys`, key-value labels corresponding to `matchLabelKeys` are explicitly merged into `LabelSelector` by apiserver, and scheduler handles them.
On the other hand, in the case of `TopologySpreadConstraints` prior to v1.34, `matchLabelKeys` are directly handled by scheduler and key-value labels corresponding to `matchLabelKeys` are not merged into `LabelSelector`.

From v1.34, key-value labels are merged into `LabelSelector` as `PodAffinity`(as described [here](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/blob/master/keps/sig-scheduling/3243-respect-pod-topology-spread-after-rolling-upgrades/README.md#design-details)), but the function of `matchLabelKeys` does not change or become stricter.

Reviewer 2: What's "users" you are saying? I mean, if it's end users who just uses K8s cluster that whoever provisioned, then they shouldn't have to know about this detail. But, if you mean "users" equals cluster admins, then they might want to know it.

Reviewer 3: Okay. Then I'd suggest that we focus on the user-perceivable (behavior) changes.
Changing from 

>  Before v1.34, kube-scheduler just internally handled `matchLabelKeys` before the calculation of scheduling results.

to

>  Before v1.34, kube-scheduler just internally handled `matchLabelKeys` and calculated scheduling results.

doesn't help clarify what the users need/want to know.
